Let me explain in the last video.
Using cryptographic hashing, it is literally
impossible to have two pre-images create the same hash.
Let us consider a scenario.
So let's say Alice creates a legal document
detailing how she would like to distribute her personal assets.
So she wants to record this information to the blockchain for safety,
but does not want to reveal her net worth,
or even her account addresses to the public.
To do this, she computes the shot to 56 hash over document.
I'm going to show you in the code exactly how this is going on.
Then, she records the hash to the block chain.
Then, she sends the complete document to Bob her beneficiary.
When Bob receives this document,
he hashes it back again,
to check if it is the same as Alice's hash.
If both the hashes are equal, he knows,
for sure, that he has a legitimate document.
In the end of this code,
I'm also going to show you,
imagine that someone else viewed or received a fake document.
In this case, the two hashes will not be equal, right?
Hence, the person will easily know that this document is not valid.
So, let's look at this example.
The first thing that you'll need in this is,
you'll have to do npm
install js-sha256 using the hashing library that we're going to need.
So, again, you get it as sha256,
so you'll have to do an npm module.
So, this is the document information.
Again, this is just some random information that I'm giving.
You're going to put this in a variable called document,
and then we're going to hash it.
Then the hash is stored in the variable hash.
Then, I'm just going to hash, saying,
this is the hash of the document.
Then, imagine a Bob receives this document,
and he's going to hash it back again.
So when he hashes it back again,
and he's going to try to compare it to the hash that Alice had.
If it is equal, then he can,
he's of course going to mean that the document is legitimate,
or it's a fake document.
In case, let's say, the information changes.
If you see the variable information fake has something else
now than the initial document, variable what it had.
So when that happens,
since they both are going to be having different hashes.
So when this is sha,
and a hash is created,
this is not going to equal to the hash for the Alice.
Of course, that's a very simple way of figuring
out that these two documents are not the same.
Now, again, this is of course the whole concept of hashing,
that two things who have the same value will always create a same hash.
Something that does not have the same value,
or the same data, is going to have a different hash.
So let me walk you through combining these files and see exactly what's going on.
So let's run our file.
If you see the first one, it says,
Alice hashes the document and then it outputs the hash here.
Then it says document is legitimate.
The second time, it says it's a fake document.
So, the first console.log is coming from my this information,
and it's since, it's the hash is equal to the document initial hash.
So it's going to say it's valid because every time you hash it,
same information is going to create the same hash.
In this case, it's not the same hash.
So, again, this is the whole concept of hashing, that,
literary impossible to have two pre-images create the same hash.